"Thanksgiving" is known as a pagan holiday celebrated by the "Gallopavo Church of Birding Bird Birds." Historically, "Thanksgiving" was known as "Eve of the Turk Star," the night before the ground-demon "Turkaneinaooet," who appeared as a human with wings, would come to steal all of the birds for the next "Scandiacus" season.

Early worshippers of "Gallopavo," the avian god of the "Gallopavo Church," ate large amounts of birds and assorted fowl to praise "Gallopavo." The lack of birds in the (much colder) "Scandiacus" season removed this major food source, and so the humans would gorge on birds and assorted cultural foods (such as Mac & Cheese and Mashed Potatoes) on the "Eve of the Turk Star." Worshippers would perform this tradition in groups, giving thanks to those they love in their lives, before the grueling nature of the "Scandiacus" season. 

Modern worshippers believe that one season, when "Turkaneinaooet" was lurking with stolen birds, it was exterminated by these birds, led by "Gallopavo", ending the necessity for this tradition. Many also believe that "Turkaneinaooet" will be revived in a new form, called "Hitchcock," and that preparation is necessary to prevent this outcome. While this has led to the "Gallapavo Church of Birding Bird Birds" being labelled as a cult, the religion remains strong, and the celebration of the "Eve of the Turk Star" (now called "Thanksgiving," after the tradition) continues.

Historical appearances of "Turkaneinaooet" lead worshippers to believe that it is likely that "Hitchcock" will appear somewhere under "Japan." Because of this, the "Gallopavo Church" opposes big cities, and warns that the coming of "Hitchcock" will destroy these cities (including "Japan.") Even members of the "Gallopavo Church" that do not preach this tale fall in line as they oppose skyscrapers, because of the mass numbers of birds that run into them and are subsequently killed anually.

The sacred texts of the "Gallopavo Church," including what appears to be an ancient diagram of "Turkaneinaooet" and many tales about how the everything was created by "Gallopavo," reveal that the idea of "Hitchcock" is fairly recent, as it is absent from these texts. While the religion has existed for nearly 4,500 years, stories of "Hitchcock" have come about in the last 300 years.
